Overview

    This dataset contains over 27000 video games distributed in the Steam platform. 
    Each document represents a game, and each of them contain attributes of different types
    (int, string, array, document, date, boolean), representing title, release date, requirements,
    store links for screenshots and videos, descriptions, price, critical reception, among others.
    Many of the attributes' types are self-explanatory. The more elaborate values are for:
    - movies, screenshots: array of documents, where each document contains information about a
    descriptive video/screenshot of the game;
    - linux_requirements, mac_requirements, pc_requirements: document with none, one or both of the
    "minimum" and "recommended" attributes, each containing an HTML string detailing the
    requirements;
    - categories, genres, steamspy_tags: list of strings detailing various categories/genres/tags;
    - platforms: list of strings, detailing the platforms that this game is available on;
    - release_date: release date of the game, as a date type;
    - owners: string containing a range of integer values, that represent the amount of owners.

    The data was obtained from https://www.kaggle.com/nikdavis/steam-store-games. The data is
    segmented into various ".csv" files. In order to import the files, various "mongoimport"
    commands were used, which are present in the "import.sh" script.
    Some of the attribute's values were treated as strings, when they were actually arrays,
    documents or dates. In order to convert them, a Java program with the MongoDB Java driver
    was developed to update each of the documents after importing ("Transformer.java").
    However, the program is very slow, so the file "steam_all.json" includes all the treated data
    ("mongoexport" was used).
    The recommended way to import the dataset is to issue the following command:
    > mongoimport --db=cbd --collection=games --type=json --jsonArray --file=games/steam_all.json

find() examples

- Find all games available on the Linux platform

aggregate() examples